README.md, before:

# ArgoCD Example Apps

This repository contains example applications for demoing ArgoCD functionality. Feel free
to register this repository to your ArgoCD instance, or fork this repo and push your own commits
to explore ArgoCD and GitOps!

| Application | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| [guestbook](guestbook/) | A hello word guestbook application as plain YAML |
| [ksonnet-guestbook](ksonnet-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a ksonnet app |
| [helm-guestbook](helm-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a Helm chart |
| [jsonnet-guestbook](jsonnet-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a raw jsonnet |
| [kustomize-guestbook](kustomize-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a Kustomize 2 app |
| [pre-post-sync](pre-post-sync/) | Demonstrates Argo CD PreSync and PostSync hooks |
| [sync-waves](sync-waves/) | Demonstrates Argo CD sync waves with hooks |
| [helm-dependency](helm-dependency/) | Demonstrates how to customize an OTS (off-the-shelf) helm chart from an upstream repo |
| [sock-shop](sock-shop/) | A microservices demo application (https://microservices-demo.github.io) |
| [plugins](plugins/) | Applications which demonstrate config management plugins usage |
| [blue-green](blue-green/) | Demonstrates how to implement blue-green deployment using [Argo Rollouts](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts)
| [applications](applications/) | An application composed of other applications |

Commit message:

Add example for jsonnet using functions with top level arguments (#30)

README.md, after:

# ArgoCD Example Apps

This repository contains example applications for demoing ArgoCD functionality. Feel free
to register this repository to your ArgoCD instance, or fork this repo and push your own commits
to explore ArgoCD and GitOps!

| Application | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| [guestbook](guestbook/) | A hello word guestbook application as plain YAML |
| [ksonnet-guestbook](ksonnet-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a ksonnet app |
| [helm-guestbook](helm-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a Helm chart |
| [jsonnet-guestbook](jsonnet-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a raw jsonnet |
| [jsonnet-guestbook-tla](jsonnet-guestbook-tla/) | The guestbook application as a raw jsonnet with support for top level arguments |
| [kustomize-guestbook](kustomize-guestbook/) | The guestbook application as a Kustomize 2 app |
| [pre-post-sync](pre-post-sync/) | Demonstrates Argo CD PreSync and PostSync hooks |
| [sync-waves](sync-waves/) | Demonstrates Argo CD sync waves with hooks |
| [helm-dependency](helm-dependency/) | Demonstrates how to customize an OTS (off-the-shelf) helm chart from an upstream repo |
| [sock-shop](sock-shop/) | A microservices demo application (https://microservices-demo.github.io) |
| [plugins](plugins/) | Applications which demonstrate config management plugins usage |
| [blue-green](blue-green/) | Demonstrates how to implement blue-green deployment using [Argo Rollouts](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts)
| [applications](applications/) | An application composed of other applications |
